[Online quantization] Add targeted online quantization configuration based on user patterns (#51285)
vllm-project/vllm: docs/features/quantization/online.md

```

!!! note
    For fused layers (e.g., `qkv_proj` which fuses `q_proj`, `k_proj`, `v_proj`), patterns may match the fused name directly or all of its unfused shard names.

### Fine-Grained Per-Layer Quantization Schemes

Use the `targets` parameter to apply different online shorthands to different layers, instead of one scheme applied everywhere via `linear`/`moe`. Keys are exact layer names or regex patterns (prefixed with `re:`); values are shorthand names (`fp8_per_tensor`, `fp8_per_block`, `fp8_per_channel`, `mxfp8`, `int8_per_channel_weight_only`, `nvfp4_per_token`).

Example:

```python
from vllm import LLM

llm = LLM(
    "Qwen/Qwen3.5-35B-A3B",
    quantization="online",
    quantization_config={
        "targets": {
            "re:.*o_proj.*": "mxfp8",
        },
    },
)
```

Or with the CLI:

```bash
vllm serve Qwen/Qwen3.5-35B-A3B \
  --quantization online \
  --quantization-config.targets '{"re:.*o_proj.*":"mxfp8"}'
```

!!! info

    - `targets` is mutually exclusive with online `linear` and `moe`: set one or the other, not both.

>     - A layer that matches no `targets` pattern is left unquantized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - A layer that matches no `targets` pattern is left unchanged from its checkpoint state.
```
suggestion since it may be pre-quantized?

Author: yes, updating, although the compatibility of this PR with pre-quantized checkpoints is not tested.

I suggest to leave online + pre-quantized checkpoint compatibility to an other PR.

    - A layer name may not match both `targets` and `ignore`.

>     - A layer may not match more than one `targets` pattern.

Reviewer: what's the behavior when these happen?

Author: error is raised in both cases, see `vllm/model_executor/layers/quantization/online/base.py` -> `_dispatch_target`
